# Polygon Bridge

### Contract Address (Sepolia Testnet): '0x8dCF5ec7CC60ffc772405E4C03e54264cE183C7e'
### Bridged Contract Address (Amoy Testnet): '0x185b98c99Bf42c64Bc77BdAe6AD72Ed101665D85'

## Description

* MyNFT is an exclusive ERC-721A token collection featuring  images generated by AI tools like DALLE 2 or Midjourney. Each NFT in this collection represents a unique scene captured . These NFTs are not only visually appealing but also come with a description of the prompt used to generate them, adding an extra layer of uniqueness.

## Features

* **Unique Art**: Each NFT in the collection is a pixelated image generated using advanced AI tools, ensuring one-of-a-kind artwork.

* **Prompt Description**: The contract includes a function to return the prompt used to generate each image, providing context and background for each piece of art.

* **Polygon Integration**: To save on gas fees and increase accessibility, the collection is mapped to the Polygon network via the Polygon Bridge.

* **IPFS Storage**: All images are stored securely on IPFS, ensuring they are decentralized and easily accessible.

## FxPortal

* **FxPortal**: FxPortal is a bridging mechanism that allows assets to be transferred between the Ethereum and Polygon networks. It enables seamless movement of NFTs and other assets across the two chains, leveraging Polygon's lower gas fees and faster transaction times. By using FxPortal, the Rainy NFT Collection can ensure accessibility and affordability for a wider audience.


## Getting Started

### Executing program
To run the code you can use gitpod online platform using the link https://www.gitpod.io/

### Deploying the ERC721 Contract

Before deploying, make sure to change the ".env" and provide your wallet private keys where required i.e. "PRIVATE_KEY= 'your wallet private key'". Run the following command to deploy the ERC721 contract to the sepolia Ethereum Testnet: 

``` 
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network sepolia 
```
## NOTE:
After deploying the address will generate. So, copy that address into `contarctAddress.js`(stored in metadata folder) and also in `mint.js`(stored in scripts folder)
 
The script will deploy the contract 
### Batch Mint NFTs

Run the following command to MINT NFTs using the deployed ERC721 contract:

``` 
npx hardhat run scripts/mint.js --network sepolia
```

The script will mint the specified number of NFTs and assign them to your address.

Transfer all NFTs from Ethereum to Polygon using the FxPortal Bridge:
```
npx hardhat run scripts/approve.js --network sepolia
```
### Checking the balance of the wallet

Run the following command to get the balance of the particular wallet address
```
npx hardhat run scripts/balance.js --network amoy
```

## Contract Summary

* The `MyNFT` contract is an ERC-721A token contract named "METANFT" with the symbol "MTK". It includes functionalities to manage NFT minting, prompt descriptions, and token URI management.

* The contract stores five unique prompts used to generate each NFT, accessible via the `whatPromptUsed` function.

* A base URI is defined for token metadata, hosted on IPFS.

* The contract supports batch minting and includes restrictions to ensure fair distribution, such as a maximum mint limit per address.

## Contact
For any questions or suggestions, feel free to open an issue or contact the repository owner.

Mail - nikhil.mkbn@gmail.com
